THIS IS JUST A ROUGH DRAFT OF THIS DOCUMENT AND BY NO MEANS IS IT COMPLETE.





FirstFantasy is project that I've been thinking about for years.  I am a

long-time fan of the Square Soft (now Square Enix) Final Fantasy series.  I

would like to create an RPG game with an original story based on that series.

I've downloaded several sprites from the original Final Fantasy and plan to

use them in my game.  Because these sprites are copyrighted, I cannot legally

charge money for this game.  I'm doing it for the experience and because I've

always wanted to write a large-scale game, even if the idea is not completely

original.  Think of it as if it were a movie based on fan fiction.



Along with this file I have uploaded an archive containing all the sprites I

have at this point.  Ally sprites and two enemy sprites.



Here we go.  Here is the planned breakdown of classes in this project (this

may change in the future):



Map Screen:

   Tile.class

   



City Screen:

   Shop.class

  --Character.class --> NPC.class

  | TreasureChest.class

  |

Battle:

  |--Character.class --> Ally.class

                   \-> Enemy.class



   AllyParty.class

   EnemyParty.class





Description of classes:



   Tile.class - This class determines the landscape of a particular area

   Shop.class - Used for all shops and inns

   NPC.class - Inherits from Character.class and is the basis for non playable

               characters

    

   Character.class - Base class for more specialized Characters (Allies, enemies,

                     NPCs)



   Ally.class - A single protagonistic character. 

   

   Enemy.class - A single antagonistic character



   AllyParty.class - A group of Allies.  This class contains attributes that

                     all Allies share, such as item and equipment inventories.



   EnemyParty.class - A group of enemies.  Similar to AllyParty.class





I plan to use a database to store all Character data, etc.



This outline is by no means comprehensive.  It is just a rough draft for a

starting point.

   



